Update authentication-tutorial.md (#847)
MicrosoftDocs/fabric-docs: docs/workload-development-kit/authentication-tutorial.md

New-AzureADServicePrincipal -AppId e406a681-f3d4-42a8-90b6-c2b029497af1
```

> ## Configure your application in Microsoft Entra ID - Manual

Reviewer: Hi @muliwin - we don't really use hyphens in section headers. We also don't use 'please' and try to use simple words.

I suggest:

## Configure your application in Microsoft Entra ID

To work with authentication, you need an application registered in Microsoft Azure. If you don't have an app registered, follow the instructions in this section to register one.

### Register an Azure app manually

To register an Azure app manually, follow the instructions in [Register an application](/entra/identity-platform/quickstart-register-app#register-an-application).

### Register an Azure app using a script

Use this PowerShell script to register an Azure app without using the Azure portal.

1. [Install the Azure CLI](/cli/azure/install-azure-cli).

2. Execute the [CreateDevAADApp script](https://github.com/microsoft/Microsoft-Fabric-workload-development-sample/blob/main/Authentication/CreateDevAADApp.ps1). Sign in with the credentials of the user account you're using for the Entra ID application.

3. When prompted, enter a name for your app's workload prefixed with *Org.* and your tenant ID. For example, *Org.Myworkload*.

Upon successful execution of the script, it'll output the details you need to configure your workload. The script also provides a direct URL to your application and an administrative consent URL for tenant app authorization.

#### Script example

This example shows how to use the *CreateDevAADApp.ps1* script to automate the app setup process. Replace the tenant ID in the example with your tenant ID.

To create an app named *myWorkloadApp* with the workload name *Org.Myworkload*, run the following command in PowerShell:

```powershell
powershell .\CreateDevAADApp.ps1 -applicationName "myWorkloadApp" -workloadName "Org.Myworkload" -tenantId "cb1f79ad-7930-43c0-8d84-c1bf8d15c8c7"
```

Under **Manifest**, make sure `accessTokenAcceptedVersion` is set to either null or "1".

> ## Configuring Your Application in Microsoft Entra Identity automaticlly using a script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configure your application in Microsoft Entra Identity automatically by using a script
```

> For a streamlined setup of your application in Microsoft Entra Identity, you may opt to utilize an automated PowerShell script. Follow the steps below to configure your application:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a streamlined setup of your application in Microsoft Entra Identity, you can opt to use an automated PowerShell script. Follow these steps to configure your application:
```

1. **Install Azure CLI**: Begin by installing the Azure Command-Line Interface (CLI) [Install the Azure CLI for Windows | Microsoft Learn2.](/cli/azure/).

> 2. **Execute the CreateDevAADApp.ps1 Script**: Execute the [CreateDevAADApp script](https://github.com/microsoft/Microsoft-Fabric-workload-development-sample/blob/main/Authentication/CreateDevAADApp.ps1. You will be prompted to sign-in using the credentials of the user account under which you intend to create the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. **Execute the CreateDevAADApp.ps1 Script**: Execute the [CreateDevAADApp script](https://github.com/microsoft/Microsoft-Fabric-workload-development-sample/blob/main/Authentication/CreateDevAADApp.ps1). You will be prompted to sign in by using the credentials of the user account under which you intend to create the application.
```

3. **Provide Required Information**: When prompted, enter the desired name for your application, the workload name (prefixed with "Org."), and your tenant ID.

Upon successful execution of the script, it will output all necessary details to configure your workload. Additionally, it will provide a direct URL to your application and an administrative consent URL for tenant-wide application authorization.

> ### Example of Usage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example of usage
```

> To create an application named "myWorkloadApp" with the workload name "Org.Myworkload" for the specified tenant, run the following command in PowerShell:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create an application named "myWorkloadApp" with the workload name "Org.Myworkload" for the specified tenant, run the following command in PowerShell:
```
